um, with supervisors who are unwilling or unable to give you feedback
again, you have to. This is kind of a tough one, because there are personnel
out there who don't really respond to feet back. Oh, are you?
Don't give feedback when things are good or things are bad. You simply
have to take note off, um, the demands that they're placed under
and what's required of those demands. Um, as time goes on your you'll
learn the things that they like, whether it be certain colors and
power points of certain graphs and power points, certain products
handed or email to them and certain times of day times of the day.
But it's definitely just something for you, too. You just have to learn.
Um, it's also within your ability to actually going up in approach
a senior and say, you know, respond and ask the question. You know,
how do you like certain things? How do you like this? What products
do you want? You know, Do you want eight o'clock reports delivered
at five o'clock? Do you want you know, things in writing Do would
you rather me call you? You know, those are things the questions that
you have to take the initiative and have the developed the forethought
to ask of a senior if they are willing to offer.